Entry 2:
Live from Seeley Lake MT!




Our current situation;



Catching up:

tuchuck campground:
rose and patrick get a ride to whitefish.
the Rv team ride from Tuchuck to Red Meadow Lake.
RV rides from red meadow lake to Whitefish.

After reuniting in Whitefish; there was a non riding day where we got into town to handle some bike mechanic stuff.

riding day emily + the whole crew ride to bigfork mt
  Vlad pets donkey
  "Elderberry" is the 2nd barry at the campground.
   great swimming in Flathead Lake


bigfork to Woodward Creek camping.
  climb up mountian 
  (rebecca pukes)
  threateaned to rain, but really did not

Woodward Creek to Swan River  
  Fatty creek was just after the summit. 
  patrick incident.
  enduro motorcycles w/medic.
  Vlad and emily take off to find help
  trucked down to Swan River by Al and (local) Gene

Swan River to HWY 83/Seeley Lake   AND Swan River to Clearwater Lake
  A  Rose and Patrick


  B. Emily Rebecca Vlad
    Man with red hat on an E Fat Bike explained that Sycamore Tree is not an actual tree but is a 
    Catholic resort. 

    goat yelling 'DEATH'...

    climbed past holland lake

    Dirt road with  bear tracks
    Tiny singletrack felt like we were totally lost.
    had to portage bicycles over a downed tree, only to reload and portage over what our directions
    apparently described as 'ascend up a steep hill' and should have described as 'push bike up barely
    passable not-quite-even-singletrack' which had us worried we were lost unitl we came upon the next
    direction onto a forest road.

    Rebecca's rear brake completely failed almost exactly at the clearwater lake trailhead, and I
    had to hike down a steep hiking path fully loaded with one working break....


    Camp + Rest Day at clearwater lake.
       long hike down; only visible campsite occupied by family.
       naked fishing success!!
       rest day:
         solo stove bread success (the breakthrough)  VLAD.
       rebecca changes break pads on rear and readjust	
       finally re-level my front rack; replace defective lock nut on front rack and added missing 
       washers and threalocker. And re-wrapped my bar tape so it doesnt's straigh up fall off as I ride.
       that evening we hiked 80% of our gear up to the parking lot at clearwater (a steep and at least
       1/2 mile walk).

    Biking DAY!! to seeley lake.
      we got up at 530 and hiked up to the top; had breakfast and were on our way by 8. 
      climbed up the pass and rebecca's rear brake failed again because I didn't tension the bolt holding 
      the cable enough.
      Singletrack at the top.
      SLIDE ZONE.   
      MTB Descent into seeley.
      Friends apporach (rebecca and louie) and say that rose and 'Scott' pat are at "Big Larch",
      we roll into big larch


    vacation from vacation. in seeley lake and getting comfortable.
      ovando incident!!! OMG. 
      the librarian Susan is friendly 
      so, no missolua spur 2 drops in Seeley Lake anyway, WTF.
      Black bear on the beach!!!
      fat hippie in Seeley Lake is a cool headshop.
      mennonite farmers market.
      rebecca loses sunglassses.
      Doing laundry, visiting gus, looping the lake, 
      the bear that killed the lady died.
 
      thinking about next steps...
      watching out for patrick's ankle sizing up our return to biking plan.
      

      
      
       



       
      

	  
       






  








   
  
 














