Seeley Lake to Ovando
  An easy enough ride with cooler weather and easy going roads.
  All four of us crammed into the 'Hoosgow' novelty jailhouse in Ovando. We were evidently the first cyclists to camp in Ovando since the grizzly incident earlier in the month.  We were told that all other divide riders either bypassed Ovando or stayed in the motel.


Ovando to Not Big Nelson
  An Adventure Cycling tour group with a SAG wagon turned us away from camping at the Big Nelson campground; so we biked back to the route and camped just inside of the boundary of the Helena national forest at the beginning of the climb to Huckleberry Pass. 
First night where we had to hang our bear bags 10 feet up in the air, inbetween two trees, at least 4 feet away from each tree.
It took a while to realize (thanks, Vlad) that it's easier to hoist up the load split three ways, on three cords rather than all at once.

Not Big Nelson to Lincoln
We rode up to huckleberry pass. There were delicious huckleberries.


Rose and Patrick camped at Spring Creek campground.
They were visited by cats, several deer, including two 8-point bucks in velvet, a 'grandma deer' doe, and a family of ducks swimming on the creek.



Vlad and I camped at Hooper Park on the east side of Lincoln.

The camp host (a clear Tree Nut) asked us if we had been to Seeley Lakem and then asked us if we
had met Gus, we said that we had, in fact, met Gus. He pointed out what he
described as the second oldest Ponderosa pine in the stand of trees around the
campground. Accoding to him, after 250 to 300 years, the bark of the Ponderosa
goes from reddish and rough to a puzzle-piece kind of appearance. The other
distinguishing characteristic, we learned, is that the needles of Ponderosa
pine are longer than the needles of any other pine in North America.


Lincoln to Alpaca Ranch
  Tent camping.


Rest Day at Alpaca Ranch
Mellow vibes, putting ourselves together.


'Lower Llama to Upper Dog'
Alpaca Ranch to Teepee by Dog Creek

We stood right before the turn to cross dog creek, discussing the teepee that was in front of us behind a gate marked Private Property, and an old couple started approaching from the distance. They introduced themselves as Carol and Cliff, and invited us to stay on their property. Not just on their property, but in the teepee that we saw that they said their daughter had put up that same day. Dog creek ran right by the teepee, we were able to hang food on an archway for an old driveway the property ownwers were not using.


Teepee by Dog Creek
climbing up Priest Pass then to Helena
  Mountian Bike City!


Rest Day in Helena
  Got free-range yard-chicken eggs for breakfast. MTB city also features a flock of ducks, two dogs, a flock of young turkeys, and one cat.
  Biked into downtown into Garage Cyclerey where all 4 of us recieved a bicycle safety check.
  Vlad, whose chainring was missing 4 teeth as of the alpaca ranch, was able to get a new chainring even though they were out of stock, because a shop employee who used to ride ECRs had an extra chainring sitting around, and was willing to sell Vlad the chainring.

Conrad at MTB city is quite the host, and shared some interesting stories wth us. 
Second rest day in Helena.
 Generally resulting from a postal SNAFU, we ended up here for a second rest-day. The smoke is bearing down as I write this; we are hidden out at 'The Hub' coffee in downtown Helena.
 The mountains and sky aruond the city are shrouded in gray wildfire smoke, the heat is stifling, the air is choking. We have been shuffling from one indoor space to another, hoping to wait out some of the hours of worst air quality.

We are scoping out routes that use more highway and less technical rock terrain in the interest of getting out of the most intense smoke areas.


Helena to Boulder Bicycle Barn
  Climbed what a local later referred to as 'Boulder Hill' on the I-15, from which we descended into Boulder MT.
  Boulder MT is clearly haunted. There is a highly conspicuous kid prison near the fairgrounds.
  Nobody answered the phone when we called the posted number for staying at the bicycle barn.

Boulder Bicycle Barn to I-25/Sketchy Tunnel
   We took off from Boulder Bicycle Barn, and rode on backroads near (but not on) I-15 into a channel between two rock walls, which lead to a tunnel which was built in 1911. The tunnel was closed... We camped at a dispersed campsite just south of the tunnel next to a creek, and within eyeshot of the innerstate.
 

Sketchy Tunnel to Butte to Thomphson Park
  Rose and I rode somewhat early out of camp and over a brief but steep climb to join a frontage road, then the I-25 for a dramatic, very-fast descent into Butte.  In Butte, we collected the speaker I'd ordered, checked out the outdoors store, visited the Bad Beaver bike shop, and ate a lot of food at Pita Pit. Also at Pita Pit, a fellow cyclist stopped to check out our rigs, and Vlad somehow identified and befriended a fellow math person.
We hauled on up to Thompson park, where we went to setup camp, and were approached by a forest service person, who told us that we could not camp there, but if we left and rode up the road and took the next right, we'd reach a place where nobody would bother us. We packed up tents, ate dinner in the dark, and rode up the road to set up agian.


Thompson Park to Linda and Dave's Place
  We rolled out the next morning and commenced to climb for a few miles, which took us under a huge rail trestle the park is known for. We were still within the boundary of Thompson park when we selected a cutout on the side of the road to eat lunch at.  As we were eating lunch, a white pickup truck (a very common sight out here) rolled up, and a man wearing a bicycle jersey stepped out and pulled a road bike out of the bed of his truck. He approached us and asked us what was up and invited us to stay at his property which was just up the road, which he described as 'XXX (number redacted) with the red roof'. He then took off down the grade on his fast-looking road bike and our group decided tha we should at least look at it before turning down free lodging.
We rode sub-1-mile distance to his place and negotiated the quarter mile loose gravel driveway to a stunning property with mountian views, big boulders, and a thoughtfully managed woodland. After looking at it and doing a vibe check, we decided that we should just spend the night there. When Dave arrived back he showed us around, and we were fed a chichen dinner, given cigars, a sauna, indoor lodging in a guest cabin above the garage, and had the opportunity to share some scotch and tequila with our hosts. That night it finally rained enough to wet the ground. We were fed breakfast and Patrick sighted a moose on the property in the morning. 


Linda and Dave's Place to Big Hole River Access 
  Dewey to Big Hole 'Powerhouse' fishing access.


Big Hole River Access to Wise River and Pettengil Campground 

And thus begins a slow roll down the Pioneer Mountians scenic byway.


Pettengil Campground to Little John Campground
  The offcial campground was overrun with people. We camped off an entrance a bit away from the sign, with creek access and steep enough terrain to keep most of the cars out.


Little John Campground to Crystal Park, Elkhorn hot Springs, and Grasshopper Campground
  Camped with a fellow rider for one night. It rained for most of the night. 
For the first time in this trip, we pitched 2 hammock rainflies next to each other to use as a shelter for cooking.


Grasshopper Campground to Bannack State Park 
Popped off of the scenic byway into a high, dry, sagebrush desert.


Bannack State Park to Medicine Lodge Creek
  The old ghost town was jammed with RVs for the weekend. We camped in a teepee in the RV campground.
  I caught a fish that I was unable to identify in the creek at Bannack in the sagebrush on Grasshopper creek behind our teepee.


Medicine Lodge Creek to Big Sheep Creek/Caboose Canyon
Biking upwind, uphill, on a loose surface is hard.
I found a skull at the oasis.
We camped in a nice canyon. Super scenic.


Caboose Canyon/Big Sheep Creek to Lima
Rest day at canyon. Took time to catch up on sewing repairs to clothing.
Utilized an incredible swimming hole in Big Sheep Creek.


Lima 
  Our boxes are not here.
  We are getting to know Lima extremely well.
  We've visited the I-15 rest stop, the historic cemetery, etc.
  Over the weekend we dipped into the Beaverhead Deerlodge National Forest for a break from gas station gazebo life until our box arrives tomorrow (Monday).
















